
         aerotools-ng: Tools for Accessing the Aquaero5(R) USB Device
        --------------------------------------------------------------
        
                   (C) 2012-2013 by lynix <lynix47@gmail.com>
        
                   Additional contributors
                   -JinTu <JinTu@praecogito.com>
        

SUMMARY
----------------
aerotools-ng aims at providing a C interface for accessing the Aquaero5(R) USB
device by 'Aqua Computer' (http://www.aqua-computer.de).

It consists of a set of functions for data access and conversion, and a
command-line tool using these functions as an example implementation.


REQUIREMENTS
----------------
Unlike its predecessor, aerotools (which targets the Aquaero(R) 4.00),
aerotools-ng currently uses the raw USB HID interface provided by the Linux
kernel via the /dev/hidraw? device nodes.

Therefore, there currently are no noteworthy dependencies.


BUILDING
----------------
To build all components of the project simply issue `make` in the project root.
Compiled binaries will reside in the 'bin' subdirectory.


SETUP
----------------
To be able to query the Aquaero5(R) device you have to set appropriate access
rights for the device node.

You can either do this manually by identifying the device node using `lsusb`
(looking for the Vendor- and Product-ID), or just install a udev rule like this
one:

ATTRS{idVendor}=="0c70", ATTRS{idProduct}=="f001", GROUP="aquaero", MODE="0640"

This will give all members of the 'aquaero' group read access to the device.

As the Aquaero5(R) identifies itself as multiple devices (USB keyboard, mouse
and the actual device we want to query) you have to examine which device node
represents the data source.

In my case, there is /dev/hidraw[2-4] which all match the udev rule provided
above. The correct one for me is /dev/hidraw4, but I don't know whether it is
always the last one. Just try as stated under USAGE - if you choose the wrong
one there will simply be no output at all.


USAGE
----------------
aerocli, as stated above, is the example implementation of a command-line tool
that uses the provided query- and format conversion functions provided by 
aerotools-ng.

To query a device simply issue `aerocli /dev/hidrawX` (see SETUP for the
meaning of X).

To get a more script-friendly output in the form of 'KEY=VALUE' pairs just add
`--export`.


BUGS / CONTACT
----------------
Feel free to report any bugs you find using the 'issues' function on GitHub. If
you wish to contact the author, you can drop him an email to lynix47@gmail.com.
You might wish to use his GPG key, #4804CCA9 on keys.gnupg.net


LICENSE
----------------
This program is published under the terms of the GNU General Public License,
version 3. See the file 'LICENSE' for more information.
